[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Hello, I'm William Henry.
I want to talk with you
today about my new book,
"The Judgment Day
Device," the lost
secrets of the throne
of the Second Coming,
the Ark of the Covenant, and
the Messiah's End Time Kit.
The premise of my
book is that it's
Judgment Day, not
the end of the world,
but certainly the end of
the world as we know it.
In Christianity, Judgment
Day is in the Book
of Revelation,
chapter 20, verse 12.
And this is where we stand
before the throne of Christ,
who is portrayed enthroned
on his rainbow ring.
The interesting thing
about this scenario
is that it's repeated
in other traditions.
Not just Christianity
anticipates the arrival
of a Messianic figure, but
so does Judaism and Islam.
All three anticipate the
imminent arrival of an End Time
figure at Judgment Day.
But what most
people don't realize
is that each of these
figures are symbolized
by the same symbol or device,
the Ark of the Covenant.
When most people think of
the Ark of the Covenant
they think of a simple
golden box made by Moses
at the base of Mount Sinai to
house the Ten Commandments.
What most don't
realize is that there
were other tools
or implements that
were contained within the Ark.
These include the rod
of Aaron that budded,
the flask of manna,
and the [? cruise ?]
of sacred oil, an
oil that was rubbed
upon the body of the
priest and transformed them
into illuminated beings.
The Ark was actually crafted
by a master craftsman
by the name of Bezalel, who was
given wisdom directly by God
and then was given a pattern
to make the Ark, which
was to be a copy of
a heavenly original.
We have to ask, why would
God gives this craftsman
such incredible wisdom
if he was simply
making a simple golden box?
This is a tip that there is
something far more profound
going on with the
Ark the Covenant.
The Ark is a copy of
the heavenly original.
In fact, John the Revelator
said that he saw heaven open
and saw the Ark of
the Covenant located
at the throne of Christ.
So we now know there are at
least two Arks of the Covenant.
There is the one in heaven
and the one on earth.
This is a tip that we are to
follow the ancient adage, "As
above, so below, as
within, so without."
Later in the program
I'm going to show
you the inner Ark
of the Covenant.
Let's talk for a moment, though,
about the Ark of the Covenant
in more detail.
What most Jews, Christians,
and Islamic people
don't realize about
the Ark of the Covenant
is that there are two
scholarly trends about the Ark.
One says that it's
a simple golden box,
but the other says
that it is actually
the throne of a God being.
And in our presentation we're
going to look at the Ark
as the throne of
the Christ Messiah,
or Islamic Messiah, the Mahdi.
In these traditions,
an illuminated being
is shown sitting on
the throne, which
is in fact the Ark
of the Covenant.
The Israelites carry the
Ark during their 40 years
of wandering in the wilderness.
During this time, the Ark acted
as a multi-purpose device.
I prefer to call it a device
because the word "device" means
a tool, an appliance, but it
also means a sign and a symbol.
And the Ark of the
Covenant, to the Israelites,
was a sign of God's
divine presence.
Joshua used the Ark
as a tool or device
to part the River Jordan.
And in this wonderful
painting by James Tissot
we see the Israelite
priest, dressed in white,
carrying the Ark
of the Covenant.
In this painting we
see two key details
that will become very important.
One, we see that the Ark
is, in fact, feathered.
Two, we see the two
cherubim on either side
of the Ark of the
Covenant with their wings
touching one another.
Joshua also used the Ark of
the Covenant to take Jericho.
In this painting by John
Martin in the National
Gallery in Washington,
D.C., we see
Joshua causing the
sun to stand still.
The Israelite priest utilized
the Ark of the Covenant
as a tool or device
that helps Joshua
to accomplish this
extraordinary feat.
A key detail is that the two
cherubim on top of the Ark
had wingspans that touched.
These wingspans are estimated
to be about 15 feet.
And it was between
these two cherubim
that Yahweh would manifest
on his Ark throne.
The Ark of the
Covenant manifests
what's called the mystical
Shekinah, the divine glory
or the divine presence.
This divine presence is
visualized as either a rainbow
or as a brilliant
beam of light that
emanates from the
Ark of the Covenant.
In the Jewish mystical
book the Zohar,
this pillar or beam
of light serves
as a conduit for the ascent
of the souls of the righteous
to paradise.
It's called the foundation
of the Mount of Sion, which
is thought of as
a cosmic center.
The pillar of light
or conduit emanates
from the Ark of the
Covenant, and is
thought of as the throne of God.
In Jewish mysticism, the
term "tzadik" or "righteous"
is also given to the
cosmic pillar, as well as
the ones who scale it to heaven.
What we must fill in
is the realization
that this luminous
pillar is in fact
a portal through which
the righteous ones pass
to the heavenly Sion and return.
This pillar is thought of
as an incandescent pillar
at the center of Eden that is
utilized as a transportation
portal for these
righteous beings.
This is a conduit for
these righteous souls that
transports them to this
heavenly place, where they
are transformed into angels
and returned to earth.
In this amazing painting we
see the Israelites lined up,
approaching the Ark
of the Covenant, which
has the pillar of righteousness
shooting from within it.
This is the portal
that they will
scale to the heavenly Sion.
In Jewish tradition
it was King David
who brought the Ark of
the Covenant to Jerusalem.
It was his son, Solomon,
who built a temple
to house the Ark
of the Covenant.
In the next chapter
I'm going to show you
why I believe Solomon's Temple
is in fact Solomon's Stargate.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>The temple of
Solomon was constructed
atop Jerusalem's Mt.
Moriah, which is
also called Sion.
The temple itself was
divided into two areas.
The outer part of the temple
was called the Holy Place.
A short staircase or ramp
led into the Most Holy Place,
which is where the Ark of
the Covenant was located.
the Most Holy Place is
actually a cube-shaped room
that was lined with gold.
A veil separated the Holy
Place from the Most Holy Place.
Holy of Holies and Most Holy
mark an important distinction.
Things or persons
can become holy.
Something that is Most
Holy has the ability
to actively impart holiness or
cause something to become holy.
Because it was in the Most Holy
place, the Ark of the Covenant
itself had the ability to
actively impart holiness.
In fact, the golden cube-shaped
room itself imparted holiness.
It made those who entered
into it holy people, or what
we might even think
of as angelic beings.
The Most Holy Place
was the secret chamber
of the high priest.
And only they knew its secrets.
At the dedication of
the Temple of Solomon
the Ark of the Covenant was
moved into the Most Holy Place.
And the Bible describes how a
cloud of glory, the Shekinah
Presence or Divine
Presence filled
the golden cube-shaped room.
When the high priest
entered the Most Holy Place
he wore specially
designed clothing
that was, in fact, made
of the same material
as the veil that separated
the Holy Place from the Most
Holy Place.
The veil symbolized
the veil of matter.
And when the high priest
crossed through the veil,
he was entering into
the sacred realms.
Central to my thesis is Dr.
Margaret Barker's proposal
that the veil represented
a boundary between heaven
and earth, between the material
and the immaterial realm
between time and eternity.
The veil represented
matter, which veils humanity
from the presence of God.
Parting this veil took one
beyond the material world.
Philo says that the veil
separated the changeable parts
of the world from the
heavenly region, which
is without transient
events and is unchanging.
The people who passed through
the veil, notes Barker,
were the mediators,
divine inhuman,
clad in the priestly garments,
who walked between worlds
to bring blessings and the
presence of God to the people.
It was believed that those who
entered the most holy place
entered heaven alive,
and were transformed
as a result of
entering that chamber.
In Barker's view,
Solomon's Temple
was a place where
pilgrims would come
to be anointed so that
they, too, could come face
to face with the
presence of God.
The transformed humans who
received this anointing
and entered the Most Holy
Place entered it alive,
were transformed, and then
returned to the material world.
They were called angels.
In addition, the priests
who received this anointing
and experienced
this transformation
were called the priests after
the order of Melchizedek.
As the Melchizedek high
priest went beyond the veil
and entered the Holy of
Holies, he entered heaven.
And when he passed
back through the veil
he came down from heaven.
Dr. Barker tells how these
people became angels and lights
among the living.
Is this experience literal
or is it metaphorical?
I believe that it was
a literal experience,
that they who entered
this golden chamber
were transformed by the
tools and implements
in that room, especially
the Ark of the Covenant.
As the priest forever after
the order of Melchizedek,
Jesus is believed to have been
one of these high priests.
And this is why this painting by
the German painter Wilhelm von
Kaulbach is so important.
We see the Israelite
priest carrying
the Ark of the Covenant.
In the background is Jerusalem.
And above the Ark we see
Jesus among some other saintly
beings, including Mary
and John the Baptist.
It's as if the Ark
of the Covenant
was used to open a
portal or a gateway that
leads to Sion, the
heavenly throne of Christ.
Christ is shown as
an illuminated being,
as a light being,
because this is the form
that all of the
resurrected beings take.
The Ark of the
Covenant is believed
to have remained in
the Most Holy Place
until approximately 570 BC.
That's when the Babylonian
king, Nebuchadnezzar,
came to Jerusalem, leveled
the Temple of Solomon,
looted it of its
treasure, including,
it's believed, the
Ark, and took it back
to Babylon with them
along with the wise men
from the Temple of Solomon.
Among the wise men that
were taken to Babylon
were the prophets
Daniel and Ezekiel.
It was Ezekiel who had the
incredible vision of God
on his flying throne.
It was during the
Babylonian captivity
that the Jews began to
prophesy about the appearance
of a Messiah who would
return them to Sion
and would reclaim the
Ark of the Covenant,
as well as the other tools or
implements housed within it--
the rod of Aaron,
the flask of manna,
and the [? crews ?]
of anointing oil.
The Jews still await the
appearance of this Messiah.
However, some believe this
figure's return is imminent.
According to Jewish
legend, the Messiah
will reassemble the
complete Ark of the Covenant
and will reveal the
secret of redemption.
The secret of
redemption has to do
with the transformation
of the human body
into its resurrected form,
what is known as the glory body
or resurrection body.
Images of Christ
resurrecting from the tomb
affirm this ancient
belief that the human body
can be transformed
into a being of light.
In a moment we're
going to explore
the incredible possibility that
the tomb that Christ is shown
rising from is actually
the Ark of the Covenant.
Did Jesus secretly recover
the Ark of the Covenant
and use it in the transformation
chamber in the Most Holy Place?
We'll find out.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>It is generally
accepted by Islam
that the Islamic
Messiah, the Mahdi,
will be the one to recover
the Ark of the Covenant.
His name, the Mahdi,
means "the guided one,"
because it is believed he will
be guided by Allah to recover
the Ark of the Covenant.
In Islamic prophecy the Mahdi
will be accompanied by Jesus.
Together they will recover
the Ark of the Covenant
and will reveal it to
the world in Jerusalem.
The Ark of the Covenant will
be recovered by the Mahdi
and will be taken
to Jerusalem, where
it will be the sign and
symbol of his sovereignty
as well as his dominion.
For Muslims, the
Ark of the Covenant
will be the sign of a
great new age of peace,
prosperity, and
rapid advancement
in human civilization that
will be ruled by the Mahdi.
It will be returned
to the sacred rock
atop Jerusalem's Mt.
Moriah, the place where it once
rested in the Most Holy Place.
It was from this sacred spot
that the prophet Mohammed
ascended to the throne of God
aboard his magic horse, called
Al-Buraq.
Today the interior of
the Dome of the Rock
features imagery and symbolism
that reinforces the idea
that it is a portal
or a gateway,
just as it was in
the ancient world.
Is the Dome of the
Rock this place
marking the most sacred spot to
Jews, Christians, and Muslims,
in fact a portal or gateway to
another region of space time,
referred to as the throne
of God in the ancient text?
Millions believe that it is.
And this is why it is the
most highly contested dot
of real estate on earth.
The recovery of the Ark of
the Covenant by the Mahdi
is regarded by Islamic
scholars as heralding
a time when Quranic moral
values will prevail on earth.
In the Qur'an, the Ark
of the Covenant is a sign
for the faithful and is
described in these terms.
"Mohammed, their
prophet, said to them,
'The sign of his kingship is
that the Ark will come to you,
containing serenity from your
Lord and certain relics left
by the families
of Musa and Harun.
It will be borne by angels.
There is a sign in that
for you if you believe.'"
One who believes is Mahmoud
Ahmadinejad, the president
of Iran, who believes
it is his divine mission
to cause cosmic jihad
in order to hasten
the arrival of the
Mahdi and therefore
Ark of the Covenant.
But in order for the Mahdi
to arrive in Islamic prophecy
it is believed that there must
be a major cataclysmic event.
Some believe that Iran's
nuclear weapons program
is designed to
facilitate or hasten
the arrival of the Mahdi.
So does the government
of Iran actually want war
on a global scale,
chaos on a global scale,
because that's what
the prophecy says
for the arrival of the Mahdi?
Is Iran presently seeking
the Ark of the Covenant?
Does it possess they
Ark of the Covenant,
and will it be revealing
it to the world?
As crazy as that sounds,
the vast majority
of people around the
world have no idea
how obsessed the
Iranian government
is with its brand of
Shia Islam and the belief
that it can hasten the
arrival of the Mahdi
by creating global chaos.
The Shia Muslims believe
that the arrival of the Mahdi
is imminent.
And that means the
return of Jesus
is imminent as well,
along with the appearance
of the Ark of the Covenant.
It surprises many to learn
that the Iranian government's
official websites are
filled with information
about the imminent
arrival of the Mahdi.
The Islamic Republic of
Iran Broadcasting website
said, in a program called "The
World Towards Illumination,"
that the Mahdi will form an army
to defeat the enemies of Islam
in a series of
apocalyptic battles
in which the Mahdi will overcome
his arch villain in Jerusalem.
Likely this figure
will be carrying
the Ark of the Covenant.
The Iranian regime
believes that it
can hasten the
arrival of the Mahdi
by destroying the
little Satan, Israel,
and the great Satan,
the United States.
Since 2010 the Ayatollah
Khomeini, Iran's Supreme
religious leader, has been
telling the Iranian people
that he has been in
contact with the Mahdi
and has in fact
met him personally.
And the Mahdi has assured him
that he will manifest on earth
during the Ayatollah's lifetime.
In July 2012, the
Ayatollah Khomeini
told the Iranian people to
prepare for the End Times.
On September 26, 2012, on Yom
Kippur, the day of Atonement,
the day when the Israelite high
priest would enter the Most
Holy Place and address
the Ark of the Covenant,
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
addressed the United Nations
and told the world to prepare
for the imminent arrival
of the Mahdi.
Ahmadinejad said that the
arrival of the Savior figure
would mark a new
beginning for humanity,
an age of rebirth
and resurrection.
Is the Ark of the Covenant soon
to be revealed in our world?
The fact that the
Ark of the Covenant
has been lost for centuries
suggests that it may never
be found, has secretly been
found, possibly even by Jesus,
or may be awaiting a
time, such as our own,
when so many signs and
warnings of the End Times
have been fulfilled.
What most don't realize is
that the Ark of the Covenant
is just one component
of a larger supernatural
device I call the
Judgment Day Device.
This complete Ark
will be the sign
of the Christ Messiah or Mahdi.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>So let's talk about
this complete device.
To fully understand it, we have
to begin with the realization
that the Ark of the
Covenant was thought
of as the throne of the
Israelite God, Yahweh.
In Israelite thought, Yahweh is
imagined on an immense throne
in the Most Holy Place
of Solomon's Temple
with his feet propped on the
Ark of the Covenant, which
serves as his footstool.
This Ark slash footstool is
in fact the throne of Yahweh.
A most influential
text is Ezekiel,
which describes the being
on the throne as something
that seemed like human form.
The prophet goes on to
describe this human-like figure
in detail, especially
focusing on his luminosity.
A rainbow surrounded the
throne and the figure.
It was covered in fire.
Isaiah also saw a human
form on the throne.
"In the year that
King Uzziah died,
I saw the Lord sitting upon
a throne, high and lifted up.
And his train filled the temple.
And above him stood
the seraphim."
This fourth century BC depiction
of Yahweh on his throne
portrays that throne as a
winged ring, because it flies.
This flying throne
or winged throne
is known as the Merkabah
vehicle, the Throne Chariot.
It's from the word
"Merkabah" that we in fact
get our word "cab,"
which means "vehicle."
What we realize is that the Ark
of the Covenant and the throne
are equated.
The Bible tells us this.
"Therefore, hear the
word of the Lord.
I saw the Lord
sitting on his throne.
So the people sent
to Shiloh and brought
from there the Ark of the
Covenant of the Lord of Hosts,
who is enthroned
on the cherubim.
And the two sons of Eli,
Hophni and Phinehas,
were there with the
Ark of the Covenant."
The Lord's Throne is
the Ark of the Covenant.
Merkabah, or throne
chariot, literature
describes the
seraphim beings that
accompany the Ark
of the Covenant
in the heavenly temple,
meaning they surround
the heavenly Ark
of the Covenant.
Here's what it says.
"Their walking is like the
appearance of a lightning bolt.
A vision of them is like
a vision of a rainbow.
Their faces are like
a vision of a bride.
Their wings are
like the radiance
of the clouds of glory."
Remember, the Ark
of the Covenant
manifests the Shekinah Glory
or the Divine Presence,
which is visualized
as a rainbow.
On either side of the Ark
are these rainbow beings,
the seraphim.
The seraphim are considered to
be the highest order of angels.
They are beings of pure
light and pure love.
And in certain
traditions they're
viewed as transformed
humans, humans
who have completed the
cycle of earthly evolution
and have transformed
themselves into light beings
and now dwell at
the throne of God,
where the heavenly
Ark is located.
In this example here
we see Christ ascending
above an Ark-like box, in
an almond-shaped gateway
or a mandorla,
filled with light.
On either side of them are the
rainbow beings, the seraphim.
The seraphim are shown
in Judeo Christian
art as having six
wings and also swirling
or vortex-shaped shaped bodies.
The description of
the seraphim as beings
of light with swirling
vortex-shaped bodies
is strikingly similar to the way
the Tibetans portray their most
advanced teaching, the Great
Perfection, or Rainbow Body
teaching.
In this teaching we're told
that the human body can
be spun into a vortex of energy
that ultimately manifests
as five-colored rainbow light,
leaving behind only hair,
toe, and fingernails that have
no nerves to be transmuted.
Is it possible that the seraphim
are in fact rainbow body
beings, humans who've
achieved the highest
level of human evolution and
now dwell at the throne of God
as rainbow beings?
What intrigues me about this is
that the Tibetan rainbow body
seems to match the Christian
concept of the resurrection
body or glory body.
When Christ is shown resurrected
he is shown either in a rainbow
or on a rainbow.
He is in glory, meaning
he is glowing rays,
glowing rainbow light.
The interchange of these
images makes it clear
that we are describing
beings who've
achieved the ultimate
human transformation.
What is the role
of the complete Ark
of the Covenant in
this transformation?
We'll soon find out.
One thing seems
clear, and that is
that the resurrection body, the
redeemed body, the glory body,
or the rainbow body is
the form in which we
will ride the beam that emanates
from the Ark of the Covenant.
This beam, or pillar of
righteousness as it's called,
is featured in this painting
by Hieronymus Bosch.
Painted in 1600 AD,
it's thought to contain
the secrets of the Cathars
of Southern France.
The Cathars claimed that they
possessed a secret teaching
that once belonged to
Jesus and the disciples
about resurrection.
In the painting we
see Saint Jerome
praying before a traditional
image of the Catholic crucifix.
This time, though, it's
attached to a throne.
Highly intriguing.
In the lower left-hand
corner is what the Cathars
may have called the Christ
column, or the column of glory.
Scholars believe Jesus
referred to this Christ column
or tube of light in
the book of John.
"I tell you the truth,
you shall see heaven open
and the angels of God
ascending and descending
on the Son of Man."
So the heavens have
opened, via something--
the Ark of the Covenant?--
and we now know that this tube
of light is also
called the Son of Man.
It's possible that
this tube of light
is what Jacob saw in
the book of Genesis
when he fell into a
dream and saw a ladder
or stairway reaching into
the heavens with angels
ascending and descending
on either side.
Jacob scaled that
ladder, got to the top,
and saw [? El ?] looking
back down on him.
Jacob awoke from his
dream, set up the pillow
that he had his head upon as a
pillar, anointed it with oil,
and declared that this is none
other than the House of God
and this is the gate to heaven.
It appears to me
that Jacob may have
been assembling a sort of a kit.
He took his pillow,
set it up as a pillar,
and poured oil on top of it.
It's possible that the
beam of light coming
from the Ark of the Covenant and
the tube of light in Hieronymus
Bosch's painting
are representative
of the same thing.
If that's the case, then
the Christ column or column
of glory in Bosch's painting
is in fact resting upon
or attached to the
Ark of the Covenant.
This is our first reference
to the complete Ark
of the Covenant, which we
will see again in a moment.
Bosch seemed to
have known something
very important about
riding this beam.
That is that we won't ride
it in flesh and blood form.
Rather, we will acquire a
garment of light or light body
before we embark
on this journey.
In the background we
see the Cathar initiate
receiving a cloak or garment
of light from an angel.
This prepares this figure
to kneel before Christ,
who is also portrayed
as a being of light.
This is the same
garment of light
that John the Baptist
transmitted to Jesus
during his baptism.
It is believed in Judeo
Christian tradition
that John the Baptist is
in fact the reincarnation
of the biblical prophet Elijah,
the forerunner of the Messiah.
Elijah is called a
translated being.
What this means is that
he has transformed himself
into a higher form beyond human.
A translated being
is one who can
materialize and
dematerialize at will
and travel the universe in
a fiery chariot or Merkabah
throne.
In fact, this is what
we see in Jewish art
of the ascension of Elijah.
He rides into the heavens
on his Merkabah throne.
He rides into the heavens on
his Merkabah throne chariot.
As he ascends, he turns
to his priesthood Elisha
and transmits his holy garment,
his power garment or miracle
garment, which is the same as
Christ's light body garment.
This is the same garment that
John the Baptist transmitted
to Christ at the baptism.
After the baptism, Jesus
took several disciples up
to the top of a mountain
and, in a moment
called the Transfiguration,
he changed his form.
He metamorphosed into a shining
or radiant being of light,
symbolized by his
bright white garment.
A portal or gateway
opened behind him.
Suddenly Moses and Elijah
appeared as if out of thin air.
What they are
demonstrating for us here
is the ability that
translated beings
possess, the ability
to phase back and forth
between the material and
the immaterial realm,
because they know the
secret of the throne
chariot or Merkabah metaphysics.
The robe of light itself
is an important symbol
of this Merkabah metaphysics.
There are several names for it.
It's called the Robe of
Sanctity, the Robe of Glory,
the Shining Garment,
the Garment of Light.
But my favorite term
is the Beaming Garment.
Because when we put
on the Beaming Garment
we literally radiate light.
And we may even have the ability
to beam through the universe.
A Greek term that describes
the attributes of this garment
is the word "exusia."
It means power, jurisdiction,
capacity, strength,
and liberty.
This is our motivation for
pursuing these mysteries.
Because as we put on this
garment of light ourself,
we acquire true power, true
capacity, true strength,
and true liberty.
This Robe of Glory
is the garment
of light worn by
the Cathar initiate
as it rises through the Christ
column or tube of light.
400 years after
Hieronymus Bosch,
Gene Roddenberry invented
the idea of beaming.
Is it possible that
the ancients knew
the secrets of dematerializing
the body into light
and beaming it
across the universe,
and we are only today
rediscovering what they already
knew?
It's possible that another
painting by Hieronymus Bosch
also is an image of the tube of
light or the column of glory.
The painting is called "The
Ascent into the Empyrean."
And what we see
is an initiate who
is rising from the earth
plane, the material realm.
And as this figure rises it
becomes less and less material,
until it is completely
naked, indicating
that it is in a light body form.
It is in this form
that the figure
enters into the tube
or tunnel of light that
is composed of concentric rings.
At the end of the tube or
tunnel is a being of light.
The incredible thing
about this painting
is that people who have
had a near death experience
report seeing such
a tunnel of light.
And it's possible
that this tunnel
is in fact what we today call
a stargate or a wormhole.
Something that's
very important to us
is that those who have
had near death experiences
report immense feelings
of love and joy
emanating from this tunnel,
as well as the beings of light
that they see in this tunnel.
It's likely that immense
feelings of love and joy
accompany us as we
enter this tube.
So how close are we to beaming?
The fact of the matter is
that quantum teleportation
has been proven
experimentally over and over.
Though it may be
disappointing to hear,
quantum teleportation is not
yet about instantly sending
a person or object
between two places.
In other words, there's no
"Beam me up, Scotty" yet.
However, what they're
doing is something
absolutely extraordinary.
They're separating
a subatomic particle
from the quantum state.
And once you disembody
the state of one particle,
you can then recreate the
particle in a remote copy.
What they're suggesting is that
a beaming device would scan us,
make a copy of us
at another location.
Remember, the Ark of
the Covenant on earth
is a copy of the
heavenly original.
Is it possible that
the Ark of the Covenant
was some form of an ancient
scanning device, whereby
copies of individuals
were beamed
from Earth to the heavenly Sion?
If so then we are on the verge
of recreating the Judgment Day
Device.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>So let's return
to the ancient world
for evidence of the ancient
Judgment Day Device.
Some believe that the
Ark of the Covenant
had Egyptian antecedents.
In this example here from the
temple of Rameses II at Abydos,
we see what's called
the [INAUDIBLE] shrine,
the power shrine, the
symbol of upper Egypt
that is carried on poles exactly
like the Ark of the Covenant.
This shrine resembles
in form, and I
believe in function,
the Ark of the Covenant,
suggesting that in
fact the Egyptians did
have a form of Ark
of the Covenant.
We compare the ancient
Egyptian version
with James Tissot's version
of the Ark of the Covenant
and see that they're
a very close match.
At the temple of
Medinet Habu we see
the pharaoh enshrined on
a throne inside the Ark,
combining the Ark
and the throne.
In this example from the
temple at Medinet Habu,
we see the pharaoh on his throne
chair, his winged throne chair,
that is in fact placed within
the [INAUDIBLE] shrine,
which could be an early version
of the Ark of the Covenant.
In a second example
from Medinet Habu
the Ark shrine is
attached to the Ark
of the Millions of Years.
In ancient Egypt it
was believed that one
could enter the
realm of the gods
through a ladder or stairway or
via the pharaoh's throne, which
could fly.
This is why the pharaoh's
throne, or the throne of Osiris
in particular, was shown
with feathers on it.
The feathered throne
reminds us once again
of Tissot's version of
the Ark of the Covenant.
Osiris sits on the
feathered throne.
He wears his
tight-fitting holy garment
called his crossed garment.
It's pure white, again reminding
us of the Transfiguration
garment or the robe
of light of Christ.
Osiris's face is
green, indicating
that he is the god of rebirth,
renewal, and resurrection.
The passion of
Osiris is reflected
in his name, Wennefer, the One
Who Continues To Be Perfect,
which alludes to his
post-mortem power.
Osiris is portrayed
as a perfected one.
Is it possible
that he too is one
who has achieved the perfect
body or the rainbow body?
The connection between Osiris
and the Tibetan rainbow body
tradition once again
suggests that in order
to travel upon the
throne into the stars,
we must first manifest our
glory body or resurrection body.
In fact, it is no coincidence
that the resurrected Christ,
the resurrected Osiris, and the
perfected Lama in the Tibetan
rainbow body tradition all
manifest the same light body.
For additional evidence we
turn to the temple of Hathor
at Dendera.
There, on the incredible
astronomical ceiling,
we see celestial
beings, transformed
humans riding upon the Ark
of the Millions of Years
into eternity.
They sit upon their
feathered throne,
which is attached to the Ark or
Bark of the Millions of Years.
What I would propose
is that we're actually
looking at the
complete Ark throne.
As they sit on this
feathered throne
they are transformed beings
who've achieved the light body
form and are now traveling for
eternity on the Ark or Bark
of the Millions of Years.
The amazing thing about the
Ark of the Millions of Years
is the way it compares to the
way modern science portrays
a wormhole.
In this artist
visualization we see
a of warp craft entering
the mouth of a wormhole.
It travels through the throat
of the wormhole and exits
at the other side in what
could be another dimension
or millions of
lightyears of space time.
The warp craft is able to
travel through the wormhole
across these vast distances as
if there's nothing in between.
In this example, we see
the U shape of the wormhole
once again.
We enter the mouth on the left.
We travel through the throat
of the wormhole and exit
on the mouth on the right.
What I have done is taken
this modern depiction
of the wormhole and
superimposed it over the imagery
that we find on the ceiling
at the temple up Hathor
at Dendera.
And what we find
is a perfect match
between the symbolism
of the wormhole
and the ancient
Egyptian depiction
of the Ark of the
Millions of Years.
Once again, it's asking us
to consider the possibility
that the ancient
Egyptian gods knew
how to transform themselves
into celestial or star beings
and travel the stars for
eternity through wormholes.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>What most Christians
don't realize
is that Christ is also
shown ascending or traveling
through the stars
on an ark throne.
Earlier we looked at this
image of the seraphim
on either side of the
Ark of the Covenant
with the Shekinah
rainbow in between.
We noted the key detail,
that their wing tips touch.
Now, compare that with this
image of Christ on his throne.
We note that he's sitting
on a throne with his feet
on a footstool.
That's the Ark of the Covenant.
Angels are on either side of
him, and their wing tips touch.
This is a clear sign to
scholars that, in fact, Christ
is sitting on the ark throne.
As we look around
Christian art we
see other compelling examples
of Christ on the ark throne.
In this example from ancient
Egypt from the fourth century,
to be precise, we see Christ
sitting on his throne.
He has his feet on
the footstool, which
means once again we're talking
about the Ark of the Covenant.
He's in the concentric rings,
which symbolize the portal.
He is portrayed ascending
on the Ark throne
through this pillar
or tunnel of light.
This is exactly what we saw
in Hieronymus Bosch's painting
of the tube of light
or the Christ column.
Is it possible that
all of these scenes
are portraying the same event
from a different perspective?
One shows it from a side view.
Another shows it
from the face view.
And another actually
shows us entering
into that tunnel or portal.
It's clear to me that
Jesus is, in fact,
associated with the
Ark of the Covenant.
It's his ascension vehicle.
This thought is contrary to
traditional Christian teaching.
But let's go back and compare
the early Christian images
to the Egyptian images.
The Egyptian image
shows the pharaoh
on his feathered
throne, his Ark throne,
attached to the Ark of
the Millions of Years,
traveling as a celestial
being through the stars.
Christian imagery shows the
same story from the face on.
Christ is on his Ark
throne, traveling
through the tube of light.
In this example from Russia,
we see Christ enthroned.
He's sitting on the
lap of the Father.
The seraphim are on either
side of this throne.
The Father's feet
are on the footstool,
indicating once
again that this is
the Ark of the Covenant
flanked by the seraphim.
In this detail we see that the
footstool is in fact winged.
These are the wheels
of Ezekiel's chariot,
also called the
Merkabah chariot,
affirming once again that
Christ's throne is in fact
the Merkabah chariot.
All three of these images
portray the ark throne.
And it is clear that this
ark throne or Merkabah
throne is, in fact,
the throne of Christ.
It is his ascension vehicle.
In this example we see
two angels lifting Christ
into the heavens.
He ascends into the heavens and
then is shown on his throne.
This once again is a
winged throne telling us
that this is the
Merkabah throne.
This illumination from a sixth
century Syrian manuscript
called the Rabula Gospels
shows the ascension of Jesus
upon a chariot exactly
like the one Ezekiel saw.
As art historians note, a great
many Western ascension images
adopt the pattern
seen in this image.
This became the common way
of portraying this event.
We see the flying
and wheeled vehicle
or craft that is the vehicle
of ascension that Christ rides
into the stars.
We also note that he is
in fact in a rainbow ring,
again, because he has achieved
the rainbow body or the glory
body.
But this is exactly
what Ezekiel saw
when he saw Yahweh
on his throne.
In this example
from Macedonia we
see Christ ascending on
his winged throne amidst
a portal or a gateway.
Again this is suggestive of the
tube of light of the Cathars.
In this example
Christ once again
is on his red-winged throne.
It is his flying throne
vehicle, the Merkabah.
This Russian example portrays
exactly the same concept,
where he is on the winged
throne in this radiant gate
or portal of light.
In this example Christ sits
on the rainbow ark or bridge
that is his throne vehicle.
Here we see Christ
on his winged throne
actually in a rainbow ring.
We see that he wears a
cloak covered with stars.
Above him is an empty throne
called the Prepared Throne
of the Second Coming, which
we'll discuss momentarily.
It is clear to us now that
Ezekiel's throne and the throne
that Christ rides upon
are the same thing.
It's a light body vehicle
that manifests from within us.
Today we visualize
creating flying vehicles.
In 2012, the Volkswagen
company went to China
and asked the people
there to design
the new people's
car, or Volkswagen.
The winning contestant
came up with an idea
of a levitating car, a
circular vehicle that
would ride upon
magnetic strips that
actually recharge the vehicle.
It appears that the idea of
the levitating or flying ring
has been in the
human imagination
for a very long time.
And we appear to be on the
verge of recreating it.
But we must go back again
to the ancient images
of the original conception
of the Merkabah throne.
As shown here in this
Armenian version,
Christ again is on his Merkabah
throne, the complete Ark
throne, in the portal.
John the Baptist and
Mary are on either side,
taking the place of
the two seraphim.
Here Christ is on
the Ark throne,
his feet on the footstool.
He's in the tube of light
that's filled with stars
and is composed of
concentric rings.
He's in what is unmistakably
to modernize a stargate
or in fact a wormhole.
This appears once again to
be the same tube of light
that Hieronymus Bosch
portrayed in his painting
and also the tube of
light that emanates
from the Ark of the Covenant.
In later ascension images the
rising Christ is shown face-on.
We see the living beings
surrounding the throne
are present, but the
throne is now gone.
Instead of Ezekiel's
winged chariot,
now the rising Jesus rises
upon a transparent ark or bow
in a portal or gateway
composed of concentric rings.
The tube is filled
with stars again.
And in my opinion, he is in
the beam of light or conduit
opened by the Ark
of the Covenant
and is traveling through it.
We have to fill in the blank
that the transparent ark or bow
actually represents the
Ark of the Covenant.
In Perugino's 14th century
"Ascension," all traces
of Merkabah mysticism
or the Merkabah throne
disappear from Christian art.
He keeps the gate of light
but omits the winged chariot
or craft.
And he adds Saint Paul.
In the detail we see that he is
in the almond-shaped mandorla
or gateway that is
framed by rainbow light,
hinting once again
the rainbow body.
In Renaissance and
Baroque images,
Christ ascends through
clouds under his own power
rather than being borne by
angels or Ezekiel's chariot.
It's possible this reflects
the golden legend's firm
insistence on self-portation.
So when we see Christ
riding in the rainbow ring
we know that he's actually
manifested the rainbow body
or glory body and is ascending
through the stars as a light
being.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>I'd like to talk with you
now about Russian last judgment
images that portray the Throne
of the Second Coming, the Ark
throne.
At the end of my book
"The Secret of Sion"
I came upon some rather unusual
Russian last judgment images.
In the book I had described
how the earthly Sion
and the heavenly
Sion are connected.
Because there's an earthly
Ark and a heavenly Ark
it suggested to me
the possibility that
the Ark of the Covenant,
the complete Ark, that is,
functions as a sort
of a docking station.
If we are thinking
of Christ and others
who utilize the Ark of the
Covenant as fast-moving,
higher vibrational
light beings, then it's
possible that when they manifest
in the lower density, lower
vibration earth
realm that they need
some form of an anchor point
or perhaps a docking station,
if you will, in order to
manifest in this realm.
And this is what I propose
the last judgment device is.
It is that docking
station or portal
for transportation for these
beings coming and going
from the earthly to
the heavenly Sion.
Here we see a 14th century
Russian last judgment image.
In the top zone we
see Christ enthroned.
Linking the throne of
Christ with the Earth realm
is a serpent that is winding
its way up a central axis.
As we look at the
details here we
see a group of saints that are
entering a pair of golden doors
that are guarded by
a red-winged seraph.
Beside them is the
serpent making its way up
to Christ's thrones.
Christ is shown in a radiant
gateway filled with light,
standing on a blue orb.
Beneath him is a
device, a symbol.
It is the cross
attached to a red alter
or box that is
guarded by two angels.
This device is called
the Hetoimasia,
or the Throne of
the Second Coming.
It is called the
Prepared Throne,
and Christ keeps it
close because it's his.
In Christian end time art that
portrays the Second Coming,
the Hetoimasia is
most often composed
of a cross, which is viewed as
an instrument of transmutation
converting flesh or mass into
light, spirit, or energy;
a spear, the spear
of destiny that
pierced the side of
Christ; a sponge that
quenched Christ's
thirst; a scroll or book;
a robe of light; a jar
containing sacred oil;
and additionally,
a platform that
is in fact the Ark
of the Covenant.
What I have just
described in fact
is not only the Throne
of the Second Coming,
but the complete
Ark of the Covenant.
In this comparison
we once again see
Tissot's version of
the Ark of the Covenant
and can see that in fact
is the platform for the
Throne of the Second Coming.
It is the Ark Throne.
And this is the complete
judgment day device.
Is in fact this device some
form of docking station?
Christian art seems
to suggest that.
Because once again
it fulfills all
of the symbolism of the
Ark of the Covenant.
We see the Ark flanked
by the two angels,
but now we have the
robe of light attached.
The cross is attached,
the jar of sacred oil,
and also the open book.
Sometimes in this
artwork we see the crown
of thorns as also attached,
as well as other tools
and implements.
The star-spangled cloak that we
see attached to the Hetoimasia
is in fact the Shroud
of Turin, the light body
garment of Christ.
In 2011 Italian scientists
were able to prove
that the image on
the Shroud of Turin
was created by a sudden
burst of light that emanated
from within the body of the
figure covered by that shroud.
I believe that the
shroud of Turin
is an actual relic of Christ's
manifestation of the glory
body, the light body,
or the rainbow body.
Here's a few more
examples of the Hetoimasia
or the complete Ark of the
Covenant, the judgment day
device.
This example is from Moldavia.
We see the two angels on
either side of the arc,
again with the footstool,
with the cross attached to it,
the crown of thorns,
the spear of destiny,
the rod with the sponge, the
book, and the garment of light.
This is the complete
device or docking station.
There's one of these
on Earth, located
in the temple of Solomon,
and one in heaven.
And when beings come and
go from the two locations,
we are told, they
utilize this device.
Another example
featuring Mary and John
the Baptist in the place of
the two angels on either side.
But we have the same Ark
of the Covenant as the base
or platform; the dove, now
symbolic of the Holy Spirit;
the book; the cross attached.
This next example is from
Russia, from the 16th century.
We see Christ above
the Hetoimasia,
sitting on his Ark throne
with transparent wheels.
And beneath him
is the Hetoimasia.
This is a very key,
example because as
in the example of
Tissot's ark once again,
the Ark of the Covenant
is portrayed as feathered.
When feathers are shown
on the Ark of the Covenant
it indicates that it is in
fact in ascension vehicle.
Let's take a little deeper
look at the serpent symbolism
in these Russian
last judgment images.
Because once again
it affirms my theory
that the complete Ark of the
Covenant, the judgment day
device, is in fact a device that
opens a stargate or a wormhole.
Part of my inspiration for
interpreting this symbolism
comes from Maya symbolism.
Here we are seeing a comparison
between the Russian last
judgment images and
a Mayan depiction
of the birth of Quetzalcoatl,
the Mayan Savior,
from his celestial
or star place.
Interestingly,
Quetzalcoatl's name
means "the feathered
serpent," which is exactly
the definition of the
Hebrew word seraph,
indicating that in
fact Quetzalcoatl
could be one of the seraphim.
At the top of the image we
see an eight-spoked wheel,
which Mayan symbolists
tell us represents
the center of the
Milky Way galaxy.
Here we see the center of the
galaxy opening, a serpent rope
or umbilical cord emanating
from the center of the galaxy.
And riding upon it
is Quetzalcoatl.
Now, what my friend and
colleague John Major Jenkins
did is quite interesting.
He said that we can take out
the archaic Mayan term "serpent
rope" and put in the
modern term "wormhole"
and we have an accurate
depiction or representation
of what the Mayans
say is going to happen
at the birth of Quetzalcoatl.
Another example of a
serpent rope or umbilical
cord linking Earth with
the celestial or star place
is featured here
in this painting
by the Japanese
painter Kano Hogai.
It features the
goddess Quan Yin,
the goddess of love
and compassion,
who holds a rod or a wand in
her hand with a string attached.
Attached to the
string is a golden orb
with a baby's soul
in the golden orb.
An umbilical cord
wraps around the baby.
And it descends into
a craggy rocky area
that Kano Hogai
tells us is Earth.
This is clearly
what we're seeing
in this Russian last judgment
image, is this notion
that there is an umbilical
cord, a cosmic transportation
system, that links Earth
with the center of the galaxy
or some other source location.
I believe that that's what we're
seeing in this imagery here,
is a Russian representation
this cosmic umbilical cord.
And as this umbilical
cord ascends up
through these various
levels, it is actually
depicting a
transportation system
taking us through various
levels of frequency or density
or even into other
regions of the galaxy.
As we follow the path of this
serpent rope or umbilical cord,
we see that it wraps around
the Throne of the Second Coming
and ultimately makes its way
through the throne of Christ,
up to a ring composed
of eight circles,
in the center of which
we see God the Father.
This ring with
the eight circles,
the eight-spoked
wheel, is virtually
identical to the Maya symbol
of the center of the Milky Way
galaxy.
Is it possible that the
Russian last judgment imagery
is telling us that there is an
umbilical cord linking earth
with the center of
the Milky Way galaxy?
Is in fact the galactic
center the location
of Christ's throne?
This umbilical cord, of course,
reminds us of Jacob's Ladder.
He laid his head on the stone
and saw this stairway to heaven
snaking its way from Earth up to
the throne of the Israelite God
El.
Is this a journey to
the galactic center?
Is Jacob's story possibly
the origin of this imagery
or does it come
from somewhere else?
Let's take a look at this
incredible Tibetan thangka
that portrays the journey
of the soul rising
its way up a
serpentine pathway all
the way to the throne of Buddha.
At the base of the painting
we see that there is a grey
elephant making its
way up this path.
It passes through
trials and tribulations,
represented by fire
and by challengers.
As the gray elephant
makes its way up the path
it suddenly starts becoming
half gray and half pink,
until it makes its way
all the way up to the top
of the path, where it's
now completely pink.
And there is in fact
a rainbow bridge
that links this pathway
with the throne of Buddha.
I believe that the Tibetan
and the Russian images
are telling exactly
the same story.
There is an umbilical
cord, a pathway, maybe
even a wormhole that links earth
with the center of the Milky
Way galaxy.
In order to access
this gateway we
must go through this
process of purification,
of cleansing ourselves,
of opening our hearts
and becoming beings of light
in order to make this journey.
Some additional Russian
last judgment images
that are worth taking a look
at, especially because they
focus on the throne of the
Second Coming, the Hetoimasia.
In this example here
we see the Hetoimasia
is flanked once again by angels.
Christ sits above it
on his Ark throne,
his feet on the footstool.
Another example.
We see the umbilical
cord, the serpent roper
wormhole winding its way
up past the Hetoimasia,
all the way to the throne.
Here we see the complete
throne of the Second Coming.
The Ark of the Covenant
is the platform,
the robe laid upon the Ark
with the open book on top
and the cross attached.
This ark makes clear that one
complete throne of the Second
Coming is located at
the throne of Christ.
Is there one on earth?
Let's take a quick
look at the development
of the cross as a symbol and see
how these missing pieces start
to fall into place.
One of the earliest
representations
of the crucifixion is
from the fourth century.
It's in the British
Museum in London.
We see a very simple scene with
Christ attached to the cross.
There are no other
implements in this scene.
Christ carries the
cross to the crucifixion
in this scene from
the same period,
but we note that there's an
addition of a footstool nearby.
Is this a possible hint
that someone at this time
knew that the cross
was to be placed
on the Ark of the
Covenant or the footstool?
In the sixth century,
Pope Gregory the Great
had a vision in which he saw
Christ manifest before him,
accompanied by various tools
and implements that became known
as the Arma Christi, or the
instruments of the passion.
In this image, we see
Christ manifesting
before Pope Gregory in a
gateway filled with light.
He is surrounded by
the Veil of Veronica,
the Holy Grail, the
crown of thorns,
the dice that were used
by the Roman soldiers
to gamble for his robe of light.
And this inaugurates
a time period
in which we start to see these
various tools and implements,
the Arma Christi,
present in Christian art.
All of these tools
and implements
were thought to have been
assembled at the crucifixion
and utilized to help Christ
manifest his resurrection body.
After the crucifixion
all of these tools
disappear into myth and legend.
And by the sixth
century, efforts
were being made to
reclaim these items.
In these examples we
see the complete kit
of tools of the crucifixion,
the Arma Christi,
or in fact the throne
of the Second Coming.
We see Christ
emanating or rising
from a tomb that could well
be the Ark of the Covenant.
We see the cross attached
to the Ark of the Covenant.
That is the Hetoimasia or the
throne of the Second Coming.
In my view, each
of these images is
portraying the complete
throne of Christ,
the throne of the Second
Coming, or the Hetoimasia,
the Ark of the Covenant
with the cross attached
and the various tools
or implements that
are assembled that ultimately
manifest the resurrection
body or the light body.
This example here is key,
because it includes the INRI
placard.
This was placed atop the
cross by Pontius Pilate
and is supposed to identify
Christ as the King of the Jews
and also to state his crime.
In the esoteric
tradition, however, INRI
stands for by fire,
frequency, or vibration,
humankind is renewed
or made whole.
And it indicates that
this complete device
is a tool that harnesses a fire,
frequency, or vibration that
transforms us.
This fresco is a
favorite example.
It's by an anonymous
painter in Italy.
At the base we see
three priests who
have assembled the
complete kit or Hetoimasia.
And above it is
Christ manifesting
through an almond-shaped
mandorla or gateway composed
of rainbow colored light.
In the gateway he
sits upon his throne,
indicating that what
we're looking at here
is, in fact, the complete ark
throne of the Second Coming.
Here in this example
from San Marco in Venice
we see a ring of apostles
who are sitting on benches,
or perhaps thrones of their own.
They are linked through
their consciousness
to the throne of the
Second Coming, which
is located in some other
realm, indicating that there
is a consciousness link that
is being made to that throne.
It suggests to me that these
apostles know the secret
that the throne, in fact, emits
a frequency or vibration that
transforms our consciousness.
In this incredible example
from the 15th century,
we see that Christ has all of
the symbols of the Hetoimasia
or the Arma Christi, the
instruments of the passion,
on his body.
This is a tip for us
to embody these tools.
The Ark of the
Covenant is within us.
So is the cross or
the tree of life.
So is the crown of thorns.
And our objective is to learn
to embody this consciousness
and to become the throne itself.
We see the same thing here, in
this example from the Brooklyn
Museum by an anonymous painter
from Spain in the 14th century.
We see that Christ wears all
of the tools or implements
of the passion,
the Arma Christi.
What we are to
deduce from this is
that he spent his life
mastering this symbolism,
learning to utilize
all of these tools
and implements to achieve the
resurrection body or light
body.
For when the Arma Christi,
this kit of tools,
is fully assembled within us,
it manifests the resurrection
body.
This is why Jan van
Eyck's depiction
of the crucifixion of
Jesus is so important.
It shows John the
Baptist and Mary
on either side as
the two angels.
Christ is sitting
on the ark throne
with the cross behind him.
And he has fully manifested
the rainbow body.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>So why the symbols?
The answer comes from Buddhism.
The first Buddhist artist
showed the Buddha aniconically,
meaning he wasn't
shown as a person,
but represented by symbols.
Common symbols were a
wheel, a set of footprints,
an umbrella, a
throne, and a tree.
The tree that is
shown here is the tree
at Bodh Gaya where Bhudda
reached enlightenment,
the Bodhi Tree.
At this pilgrimage site a
throne was later created.
And this throne is often shown
on pictures that otherwise
seem meant to show the
moment of enlightenment.
What is shown is probably not
the moment of enlightenment,
but rather the journey
to enlightenment.
And that is what this
complete kit of symbols
represents in Buddhism.
The Bodhi Tree is a symbol
of Buddha's enlightenment.
It's a reminder of the
ultimate human potential
that lies within all of us.
"Bodhi" is the Sanskrit
word for "fully awake."
Some people see the
Bodhi Tree as an example
of the world tree, whose
roots are deep in the earth
but whose branches
reach into the heavens.
Here we see the Bodhi Tree
attached to the throne.
Importantly, these symbols
represent the devotee coming
face to face with
the absent Buddha.
He's not there, because
he's entered nirvana.
He's transcended the
earthly human condition
and now exists in
the Dharma realm
in his Dharma body
or light body.
This body cannot be completely
or adequately visualized
by humans.
Therefore it's not portrayed.
And in its place
we see the symbols.
Importantly, the images of
the blessed throne of Buddha
were used as meditation tools.
Ananda Coomaraswamy
points out that they
were made to be used in the
practice of visual formulation.
The artist would meditate
before the created image,
and their purpose is to be used
as visual aids and meditations
on the Buddha.
In practice, the
meditator concentrates
on the object in such a way
that the symbol for the object
is created in his mind.
The meditator can then
reassemble this kit at any time
without the need of
the actual object.
Remember, the Ark
of the Covenant
was made after a pattern
given to Moses by God.
Is it possible that
the Ark of the Covenant
follows the same pattern as
the Buddhist throne, that
is that as we meditate
on and visualize
the full symbolism of
the Ark of the Covenant
we are able to create
it in our minds
and in fact in our own bodies?
Now, let's compare the image
of the throne of Buddha
with the throne of Christ.
As we can see, they are
exactly the same symbol.
In its simplest
form we see a throne
with a tree attached to it,
as well as other symbols.
This is clearly the
throne of the fully awake
of the Buddhist tradition.
What it suggests to me is that,
as in the Buddhist tradition,
if we visualize,
meditate, and focus
on assembling these
symbols within ourselves,
that we too can reach
that state of fully
awake or Christ consciousness.
It appears that Christian
artists throughout time
knew that our consciousness
had the ability
to manifest this device
within ourselves,
simply by meditating and
focusing on these symbols.
In this example here, found
in the British Museum,
we see an assortment of
symbols, the Hetoimasia,
the throne of the Second Coming.
The text that accompanies it
declares that whoever recites
the prayer, ave
[? fasis  preclara, ?]
and looks at the image
with devotion will receive
an indulgence of three years
and may experience a beatific
vision of Christ in which the
glory pours upon the meditator.
Think of that.
By focusing on
meditating on this image
it can open our consciousness
so that we receive
a download, if you will, of the
glory or vibration of Christ.
This is exactly
what the Buddha said
the images of the throne
of Buddha could do as well.
And if my assessment
is correct, this
is what happened with the Ark of
the Covenant symbolism as well.
So where did the image
of the Buddhist throne
come from originally?
Where did the image of Christ's
throne of the Second Coming
come from originally?
Where do we find this idea of
a ark or a platform or a throne
with the tree of
life attached to it?
My research reveals that we
find the earliest example
of such a throne at the temple
of Seti I in Abydos, Egypt.
Inside we find what is
called the head of Osiris,
an image that was created
at the time of Moses.
And what we see is that the head
of Osiris is in fact a device.
It is a symbol.
The hieroglyph for
the head of Osiris
features a pillar with a
serpent levitating on it.
That pillar is placed on
the shrine symbol that
is shown flanked by two
tet or power pillars.
When fully assembled,
it forms a device
known as the head of Osiris or
perhaps the throne of Osiris.
In this comparison
here we can see
that the platform of
the throne of Osiris
is virtually identical to
the Ark of the Covenant,
or rather the Ark
of the Covenant
is virtually identical
to the platform
upon which the head
of Osiris sits.
The head of Osiris
functioned as a symbol,
not only of Osiris and
his earthly kingdom,
but also of the underworld
realm of the god
and the hope for the afterlife.
So what we're actually
looking at in this device,
this symbol is the
ancient Egyptian symbol
for the hope for the afterlife.
Now what's amazing about this
is that the serpent levitating
on a pillar or pole
is a symbol that
was well-known to Moses
and the Israelites.
In the book of
Numbers, Moses was
told to make a fiery serpent
and set it upon a pole.
"And it came to pass
that everyone that
was bitten by this
fiery serpent, when
he looked upon it was healed."
The fiery serpent is actually
the Hebrew definition
of a seraph.
So in fact what we are looking
at in this episode of Moses
lifting the serpent on a
pole is that he is, in fact,
making or identifying a seraph.
The serpent on a
pole is the logo
for the seraphim, the
highest order of angels
who guard the Ark
of the Covenant.
In my view, the
logo of the seraphim
is in fact the same
as the head of Osiris.
Based upon this I
propose that what
we are looking at with
the head of Osiris
is in fact the complete
ark throne device.
And as this symbolism
dates to around 1450 BC,
it is the earliest version
of this ark throne symbolism
that was later adopted
by the Buddhists
and adopted by Christianity
as the throne of the Second
Coming.
So what function did the ark
throne of Osiris perform?
The answer is provided
at the temple of Seti
at Abydos, where on the opposite
wall that portrays the ark
throne we see that King Seti
has transformed into the pillar.
We see Seti as
the head of Osiris
attached to the ark throne.
And now the Egyptian
artists have
included the Ark of the Millions
of Years, the ship of eternity.
What this suggests to me, and
is validated by physicists
and other scholars that I
have consulted about this,
is that we are seeing Seti's
transformation into Osiris.
It's as if the ark
throne of Osiris
is a transformation device
that turns or transforms Seti
into the God being
and prepares him
for his journey into the
field or the dimension
of the blessed.
Again, the ark of
eternity resembles
in its symbolism, and possibly
its function, a wormhole.
Could it be that what we are
looking at here in the ark
throne is an ascension device?
I believe that that's
exactly what we are seeing.
And I would suggest that
this is the earliest
version of the complete
judgment day device.
This is the device that has
been sought for centuries,
and once fully assembled is
actually a stargate device.
In Egyptian symbolism
it's most often
Isis who operates
this Osiris device.
He or she is shown beside the
Osiris device in a [INAUDIBLE]
that was taken off the walls
of the temple of Seti at Abydos
and is now found in the
Metropolitan Museum of Art
in New York City.
Let's compare the image of
Isis tending the Osiris device
with Mary Magdelene at the foot
of the cross of crucifixion.
Atop of this cross,
in this example,
we see a tree growing
from the cross,
indicating that this in
fact is the tree of life.
In my view, these images
are telling the same story.
A priestess or a goddess is
operating the complete ark
throne tree of life device
that transforms a human
into a resurrected light being.
In my view, this is how
the ark throne symbolism
was transposed into
Christian symbolism.
In the early 1100s, nine
French Knights Templar
left Paris and
went to Jerusalem.
They did years of
excavation beneath the site
of Solomon's temple.
They came back to France
with some stupendous secret.
No one's exactly
sure what it was
that the Knights
Templar discovered.
However, we know the Templar
paid a visit to Abbot Suger
at St. Denis, near Paris.
Abbot Suger is believed to have
taken whatever secret knowledge
the Templars gave to him
and enfolded that knowledge
or encoded that knowledge
into this window medallion
at St. Denis.
In his own words,
Abbot Suger tells us
that this is the complete or
true cross of crucifixion.
What we see is the
cross of crucifixion
attached to the Ark
of the Covenant.
It's obvious to us that
Suger is portraying
the throne of Osiris, the
complete ark throne of Osiris,
and the throne of
the Second Coming,
opening up the possibility
that what the Knights
Templar discovered
beneath Solomon's temple
was in fact the secrets of
the complete cross of Christ.
This complete cross is
found in other instances
of Christian art, including
this piece here featuring
Mary Magdalene.
We can decode this
for ourselves now.
She's sitting on the ark throne.
She holds the flask
containing the sacred oil,
the resurrection oil.
And she holds the tree of
life, the cross of crucifixion,
on her lap.
She is shown with the
complete ark cross.
Ultimately my research reveals
that this symbolism is inside
of us.
We are meant to connect
the imagery that we're
seeing in all of these paintings
with psychospiritual attributes
within our own bodies.
For example, what I've done
here is taken the Osiris device
and superimposed over
a meditating woman.
It's a perfect match.
And what it suggests is that,
in fact, the Ark of the Covenant
is within us.
It's located in our
first three shakras.
The pillar or cross, the
tree that is attached
is in fact our
spinal cord system.
The two tablets on top
of the Osiris device
are in fact the two
hemispheres of our brain.
Once we fully activate our
mind-brain spiritual system,
we are able to transform our
bodies into beings of light,
ascend on our Merkabah
throne into the heavens,
and perhaps even to
phase back and forth
between the material and
the immaterial realms.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>The connection between the
human body and the Osiris
device suggests to me that
our body could in fact
be a sort of an antenna.
Earlier we talked
about the possibility
that the cross somehow
manifested a higher dimensional
energy, the INRI, the higher
frequency or vibration
that makes humanity
whole, holy, or new.
So let's talk about this
celestial fire and its role
in the Second Coming
and its connection
with the throne of
the Second Coming.
This is a scene from a
monastery in Moldavia.
As we look at it, we
see several zones.
At the very topmost zone is God
the Father in a rainbow ring.
Beneath him is Christ
enthroned on his winged throne.
And beneath him
is the Hetoimasia,
the throne of the Second Coming.
What we notice is that
emanating from Christ's throne
is a channel of
cosmic energy called
the River of Divine Fire.
That River of Divine Fire is
shown in this example as well.
Again we see several zones with
Christ at one of the top zones.
We see the Hetoimasia
beneath him.
And we see the River of Divine
Fire emanating from the throne
and actually going through the
throne of the Second Coming.
The same thing is shown
in this example as well.
We see the throne of
the Second Coming.
We see Christ enthroned above.
And emanating from that
throne is this channel
of cosmic energy, this
River of Divine Fire.
In each example the
Hetoimasia, the throne
of the Second Coming,
appears to perform
an intermediary function.
It's between Earth and heaven.
And it is acting as sort of
a transformer, if you will,
of this vibration.
Here in this example from
Torcello near Venice, Italy,
we see the Hetoimasia, the
throne of the Second Coming,
beneath the throne of Christ.
We see the two angels
on either side tending
that thrown with Mary and John
the Baptist on either side
once again.
Christ is on his throne.
It's a wheeled throne.
The River of Divine Energy
emanates from that throne,
leaves that throne, and
finally makes its way down
to the earth plane.
One wonders if this is the same
as the umbilical cord portrayed
in the Maya imagery portraying
the birth of Quetzalcoatl
from the center of
the Milky Way galaxy.
Is this early Christian art
possibly portraying a channel
or an umbilical cord
of cosmic energy
from the galactic center,
making its way to earth?
What's incredible about this is
that just a few years ago NASA
discovered that there are,
in fact magnetic portals
that link Earth with the sun.
NASA imagery portrays
these magnetic portals,
which they also call flux ropes,
connecting Earth with the sun.
When we note the similarity
between the images
of the River of
Divine Fire emanating
from the throne with
images of the sun
releasing rivers of
charged particles,
it raises the possibility
that the throne is the sun.
Interestingly, the
physics of flux ropes
is applied across the universe.
For example, a solar physics
model of flux rope ejection
was recently used to explain
the jets driven by the accretion
discs around the super
massive black holes found
in the center of galaxies.
Applying this model to
Last Judgment imagery
suggests that the
throne could be the sun.
But jumping scale,
as is allowed,
suggests that the
throne could in fact
be located at the center
of the Milky Way galaxy.
Jack Scudder and his
team of researchers
at the University
of Iowa have found
what they call X-points in
the earth's magnetosphere,
the magnetic field that
is naturally generated
by the earth and
protects the earth
from these cosmic particles.
NASA satellites have
revealed X portals
in the magnetosphere, which
Scudder explains are, quote,
"places where the
magnetic field of Earth
connects to the magnetic
field of the sun,
creating an uninterrupted path
leading from our own planet
to the sun's atmosphere."
What they are
saying is that there
is an umbilical
cord linking Earth
with the sun through which
highly charged particles flow.
Scaling this up
one level tells us
that it's possible that
such portals might exist
between our sun and
the galactic center.
These openings allow
charged solar particles
to be conducted in the
planet's upper atmosphere.
The effects of
this phenomenon are
seen as the Aurora displays
and geomagnetic storms.
As foretold in Revelation
20:12, "At judgment day
the dead, great and small, will
stand before God's throne."
In Daniel 7:9 and we learn
Daniel saw a river of fire
or a fiery stream flowing
out from the throne,
stretching to earth.
The throne he is describing
is the Hetoimasia
or the throne of
the Second Coming.
"I watched till thrones
were put in place
and the Ancient of
days was seated.
His garment was white as
snow and the hair of his head
was like pure wool.
His throne was a fiery flame,
its wheels a burning fire.
A fiery stream issued and
came forth from behind him."
The illustrations of
this River of Divine Fire
leave little doubt that
the ancients believed
that there was an
umbilical cord linking
Earth with the throne of God.
This fire is the same
as the living waters,
the waters of
immortality prophesied
to appear in the end time
by the prophet Isaiah who
said, "The earth shall be full
of the knowledge of the Lord
as the waters cover the sea."
In 2012 NASA researchers
discovered a channel
of cosmic energy emanating from
the center of the Milky Way
galaxy.
A research team of the
Department of Physics,
Keio University, has discovered
a giant molecular cloud or star
nursery located in
the galactic center.
The team called it a pig
tail because of its shape,
but it clearly looks
more like a serpent rope
or a channel of cosmic energy.
We see channels of
living water connecting
Earth with the heavens in
ancient Egyptian imagery.
In the top zone we see a figure
riding upon a ship of eternity
in an ark-like enclosure.
And we see this channel
of cosmic water emanating
from that throne.
This is very much
like what we see
in Spell 110 of the
Egyptian "Book of the Dead,"
where we see a scene of a soul
rising from the earth plane
to the celestial
realm, called the field
or Dimension of the Blessed.
In the lower zone we see
a dual-headed serpent ship
with a stairway to
heaven attached to it.
This is the Ark of the Millions
of Years, the boat upon which
the soul travels for eternity.
The shape of this
dual-headed serpent ship
resembles a modern wormhole.
With the addition of
the stairway to heaven
we once again get the idea
that this an ascension vehicle.
As the soul rises through
these cosmic waterways
it is portrayed doing ordinary
things-- it's tending fields,
it's harvesting-- until it gets
to the very top zone, where
it is once again riding
aboard the Ark of the Millions
of Years into eternity.
In my view, the Egyptian
imagery in this Spell 110
of the Book of the
Dead is interchangeable
with the Russian last
judgment imagery.
It's telling us or
affirming this idea
that there is an umbilical cord,
a channel of cosmic energy,
that links earth with the
celestial realms, the realm
of eternity.
When I give presentations about
the throne of the Second Coming
people always ask me,
well, what does the Vatican
know about this?
Well let me show you.
These murals are from the
Redemptoris Mater Chapel,
which is located just
outside the doors
of the papal apartment
in the Vatican.
We clearly see our throne.
We see the complete
Hetoimasia device.
And we see Christ manifesting
through an open portal
or gateway.
The message of this imagery
is clear-- the throne
of the Second Coming
is a stargate.
And here we see
Christ manifesting
through that open
portal or gateway
at the other end of a river
or channel of cosmic energy.
What all of this means to me
is that the ancients clearly
knew of an advanced
device that was
capable of opening
portals or gateways.
That device is within us.
That's for certain.
What is also possible
is that there
is an actual literal
physical device out here that
acts as a sort of docking
station for these beings.
In the coming
years we will begin
to see more and more scientific
validation of this idea,
this concept of
the transformation
of the human being
into a body of light,
and the existence of
these portals or gateways.
What we must be aware of in
these next few years as well
is that there are religious and
political figures on the planet
today who seek to utilize this
knowledge for their benefit.
If Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is
successful in his cosmic quest,
he will open the way
towards the appearance
of the Islamic
Messiah, the Mahdi.
As we noted, that figure will
be delivering or revealing
the Ark of the
Covenant to Earth.
He will be assisted by Jesus.
My reason for doing this work
is because my concern would
be that if these figures show
up with a simple golden box
and tell us that that is
the Ark of the Covenant
that this figure
is symbolized by,
then we probably know
we're not dealing
with a legitimate figure.
Because I believe that
the body of evidence I
have shown you in
this program reveals
that the true Ark
of the Covenant
is in fact a complete ark
throne device and ascension
vehicle that is utilized by
these beings, who will teach us
how to transform ourselves
into these higher beings.
[MUSIC PLAYING]